the business of bikinis is bustling the
financials of flip-flops are fantastic
and the revenues from rain we're robust
big achievements in a weak economy I
smile what's the common denominator in
these fashion successes husband wife
team Dave and Kari sang stacking their
most impressive skill is recognizing
untapped specialty markets and filling
the gap that's how their company style
West evolved as a collection of separate
businesses we started as a public
relations and marketing firm and then we
moved into sales and distribution and
that's when the growth really kicked in
the rapid growth at style West across
multiple divisions actually became a
serious problem for director of
operations
Robert angst at peak into one of their
warehouses and you get the picture can
you guess how many havaianas sandals are
here 800,000 enough to outfit all the
residents of San Francisco da rain boots
50,000 enough for every fan in Yankee
Stadium today
style West uses s AP software to keep
track of every piece of inventory from
their various businesses but before s AP
they had an managers nightmare managing
each one of these divisions was
challenging because each one had its own
financials and so with with the
management of each company everything
was very separate the old system
couldn't provide the data needed to run
the company even worse it was crashing
under the volume of new orders after
extensive research they turned to s AP
the implementation was done in less than
two months whereas other competitors
were quoting upwards of six to nine
months we became one company though
multi-divisional under one database the
s AP database that we use goes all the
way from the order entry process to the
payment process it covers a whole
farm-to-fork of the life cycle within
our organization
Dave comes to Vegas four times a year to
hit the world marketplace the fire
reaction to the dive ranbu lines been
phenomenal yeah I really should get back
in there the new sa P software will give
style West an advantage at the
all-important fashion trade shows one of
the reasons why we installed sa p was to
enhance our performance here at the show
we'll soon be able to enter orders here
at the show and check inventory at the
same time it'll be great because we'll
have an edge over our competitors
style West's rain gear division is
called dove it's nitch distinctively
patterned boots with accessories that
match so that you have a complete
accessorized outfit
and the orders keep flowing in she's
from California I think we can still
rain boots in California where it
doesn't rain is pretty impressive I
think that people who they're not
interested in rain gear that's not
traveling for rain gear would be very
interested in these because they're
stylish and they're comfortable to come
up with their unique color palettes and
patterns style West's researches the
marketplace scans the trades then Dave
his wife Carrie and her sister Christy
brainstorm what I was excited about is
it's gonna be fall but at the same time
it's gonna have color to it it's not
just gonna be Browns and blacks and
grays one thing that's really important
about our collection is that it has to
be fun one of their fun collections
features dogs not just because they love
dogs and have one in their offices it's
a charity campaign 10% of the proceeds
go to a dog rescue program their latest
idea to expand market share came from
their horses literally turns out they're
da foots are perfect for the equestrian
market any misstep is easy to wash off
plastic riding boots are a lot more
practical than leather boots and
certainly more colorful as their
equestrian market takes off Dave and
Kerry are already planning their next
game changing ideas but for now those
are under wraps in California this is
Phil Frank reporting
more at sa p tv.com